You look like a spreadsheet with no formulas.
Your code has more bugs than a picnic.
I've seen better arguments in YouTube comments.
You smell like burnt RAM.
Your programming skills are like Internet Explorer - slow and outdated.
You're the human equivalent of a buffer overflow.
Your brain runs on Internet Explorer 6.
You're like a null pointer exception - completely useless.
Your IQ is lower than your Git commit count.
You code like you're still using punch cards.
Your debugging skills are about as good as a chocolate teapot.
You're the reason Stack Overflow has a downvote button.
Your code looks like it was written by a caffeinated monkey.
You're like a memory leak - slowly making everything worse.
Your algorithms have the efficiency of a potato.
You write code like you're paid by the semicolon.
Your variable names are more confusing than IKEA instructions.
You're the human equivalent of a 404 error.
Your CSS is more broken than your promises.
You debug like you're playing whack-a-mole blindfolded.
poo poo bum head
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
Your face looks like it caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
You're so dense, light bends around you.
You have the personality of a wet mop.
You're like a parking meter - annoying and nobody wants to pay attention to you.
Your brain is like a browser with 47 tabs open, 5 of them are frozen.
You're the reason aliens won't visit Earth.
You have the charm of a paper cut.
Your ideas are about as sharp as a bowling ball.
You're like a human participation trophy.
You have the attention span of a goldfish with ADHD.
You're about as bright as a black hole.
Your common sense is rarer than a unicorn.
You're like a broken pencil - pointless.
You have the grace of a drunk giraffe.
Your logic is more twisted than a pretzel factory.
You're like a human speed bump.
You have the organizational skills of a tornado.
You're about as smooth as chunky peanut butter.
Your wit is duller than a butter knife.
You're like a soup sandwich - messy and pointless.
You have the coordination of a newborn giraffe on ice.
You're about as helpful as a chocolate fireguard.
Your timing is worse than a broken clock.
You're like a human traffic jam.
You have the fashion sense of a scarecrow.
You're about as subtle as a brick through a window.
Your social skills are like a fish out of water.
You're like a human allergen.
You have the enthusiasm of a sloth on sedatives.
You're about as exciting as watching paint dry.
Your creativity is more stale than week-old bread.
You're like a human paperweight.
You have the energy of a dead battery.
You're about as sharp as a marble.
Your ideas are flatter than roadkill.
You're like a human snooze button.
You have the grace of a brick in a china shop.
You're about as useful as a glass hammer.
Your personality is drier than toast.
You're like a human headache.
You have the charm of a root canal.
You're about as interesting as watching grass grow.
Your jokes are older than the pyramids.
You're like a human speed limit.
You have the appeal of expired milk.
You're about as welcome as a skunk at a garden party.
Your conversation skills are like a deflated balloon.
You're like a human rain cloud.
You have the subtlety of a freight train.
You're about as smooth as sandpaper.
Your dance moves look like you're being electrocuted.
You're like a human mosquito.
You have the fashion sense of a blind penguin.
You're about as graceful as a bull in a china shop.
Your singing voice sounds like a cat in a blender.
You're like a human alarm clock that nobody wants to hear.
You have the cooking skills of a house fire.
You're about as coordinated as a three-legged cat.
Your driving is scarier than a horror movie.
You're like a human wet blanket.
You have the organizational skills of a hurricane.
You're about as reliable as a chocolate teapot.
Your memory is worse than a goldfish with amnesia.
You're like a human speed bump on the highway of life.
You have the social awareness of a brick.
You're about as helpful as a screen door on a spaceship.
Your common sense is on permanent vacation.
You're like a human typo.
You have the grace of a drunk elephant.
You're about as sharp as a bowling ball.
Your ideas are more scattered than dandelion seeds.
You're like a human puzzle with half the pieces missing.
You have the attention span of a caffeinated squirrel.
You're about as smooth as gravel.
Your logic is more twisted than a tornado.
You're like a human glitch in the matrix.
You have the coordination of a drunk octopus.
You're about as useful as a solar-powered flashlight.
Your timing is worse than a broken stopwatch.
You're like a human pothole.
You have the grace of a falling piano.
You're about as bright as a burnt-out lightbulb.
Your conversation is more boring than watching cement dry.
You're like a human speed limit in the fast lane.
You have the charm of a rusty nail.
You're about as welcome as a porcupine in a balloon factory.
Your ideas are more stale than yesterday's donuts.
You're like a human hiccup.
You have the enthusiasm of a wet sock.
You're about as exciting as tax paperwork.
Your creativity is flatter than a pancake under a steamroller.
You're like a human paper jam.
You have the energy of a dying flashlight.
You're about as sharp as a butter knife made of jello.
Your wit is duller than dishwater.
You're like a human commercial break.
You have the grace of a falling refrigerator.
You're about as useful as a fork in a soup kitchen.
Your personality is drier than the Sahara desert.
You're like a human Monday morning.
You have the appeal of a dentist appointment.
You're about as smooth as a cheese grater.
Your jokes are more stale than month-old crackers. 